Update the README files and screen shots with recent changes (#177)
ni/measurementlink-labview: Source/Generator/README.md

## Dependency List

1. LabVIEW 2020 64 bit
2. [LabVIEW gRPC Support](https://github.com/ni/grpc-labview/releases) This repo contains the support for LabVIEW gRPC. We include these grpc-labview packages with our release. Download and install the versions included with the release of `meaurementlink-labview` you are using:
    1. ni_lib_labview_grpc_library-x.x.x.x.vip
    2. ni_lib_labview_grpc_servicer-x.x.x.x.vip

## Developer Guide

### Instantiate a New Measurement

1. Create a new LabVIEW project (say `Measurement.lvproj`) and open it.
2. From the project window, select `Tools` -> `MeasurementLink` -> `Create Measurement Plug-in...`
3. In the dialog that appears, enter the `Measurement Plug-in Name` that you would like to give to the measurement, then click `Create Measurement Plug-in`. This will create a new measurement service plug-in library in the project.

### Run the Measurement Service

To run the measurements, follow the below steps

1. Open `<MeasurementName>.lvproj` that contains the measurement service library.
2. Run the `Run Service.vi` from `<MeasurementName>.lvlib` to run the measurement service from `<MeasurementName>.lvproj`

### Stop the Measurement Service

> To stop the service manually, click on the `STOP` button on th `Run Service.vi` front panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the service manually, click on the `STOP` button on the `Run Service.vi` front panel.
```

This repo contains the LabVIEW Measurement template code

## Dependency List

1. LabVIEW 2020 64 bit

> 2. [LabVIEW gRPC Support](https://github.com/ni/grpc-labview/releases) This repo contains the support for LabVIEW gRPC. Download and install the two latest release packages for

Reviewer: Don't we include grpc-labview support in our releases? If so, I would mention to install those versions instead since we know they will work.

Author: Referenced the ones included in our release.

    1. ni_lib_labview_grpc_library-x.x.x.x.vip
    2. ni_lib_labview_grpc_servicer-x.x.x.x.vip

## Developer Guide

### Instantiate a New Measurement

1. Create a new LabVIEW project (say `Measurement.lvproj`) and open it.

> 2. Open the New Measurement Instantiation window, from the project window, goto `Tools` -> `MeasurementLink` -> `Create Measurement Service...`
>     1. In the New window, Enter the `Measurement Service Name` that you would like to give to the measurement and click `Create Measurement Service`.
>     2. This will create a new measurement service library in the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. From the project window, select `Tools` -> `MeasurementLink` -> `Create Measurement Plug-in...`
3. In the dialog that appears, enter the `Measurement Plug-in Name` that you would like to give to the measurement, then click `Create Measurement Plug-in`. This will create a new measurement service plug-in library in the project.
```

Author: Updated the new measurement dialog screenshot. Let me know if there's other screenshots that need updating.

### Run the Measurement Service

To run the measurements, follow the below steps

1. Open `<MeasurementName>.lvproj` that contains the measurement service library.
2. Run the `Run Service.vi` from `<MeasurementName>.lvlib` to run the measurement service from `<MeasurementName>.lvproj`

### Stop the Measurement Service

> The measurement service will be stopped automatically when the client frameworks calls the `ServiceManagementService\Stop Service` method on the measurement service. To stop the service manually, click on the `STOP` button on the front panel.

Reviewer: This is not true anymore, right? I thought we removed all of the service management stuff.

Author: Chopped that sentence.

### Make changes to the Measurement

The measurement service code has some basic TODO notes on the changes that need to be made for a new measurement. These can be viewed using the `Bookmark Manager` - You can open it from the `View` -> `Bookmark Manager` menu in LabVIEW. In this window, you can find the bookmark term `#MeasurementToDo`. Double-clicking on the items will take you to the locations in the VIs that need to be changed for your unique measurement service.

#### Make Changes to the Measurement Logic

Measurement Logic for the measurement service is located in `Measurement Logic.vi` under the measurement library. After modifying the measurement logic, run the measurement by following the `Run the Measurement Service` steps from above.

#### How to add new UI elements

> The User Interface for a measurement service is defined by the front panel of `Measurement UI.vi` under the `<LibraryName>.lvlib\`. The control and indicator names on the front panel should match the `Measurement Configuration` and `Measurement Results`. If the datatype and name matches, data from the front panel controls will be sent to the logic before execution and the results will be published to the front panel indicators after the measurement is run.

Reviewer: A few comments here:
- Rather than control and indicator names, I would say control and indicator labels. That way customers won't confuse labels and captions.
- We are inconsistent in how we use <LibraryName>.lvlib. Above this, we use <MeasurementName>.lvlib

Author: Updated to be consistent on MeasurementName.lvlib.
